unlynx_v2 the big and great cleanup (#14)
lca1/unlynx: README.md

## Documentation

> * The UnLynx library does an intensive use of [Overlay-network (ONet) library](https://go.dedis.ch/onet/v3onet) and of the [Advanced Crypto (kyber) library](https://go.dedis.ch/onet/v3kyber).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The UnLynx library does an intensive use of [Overlay-network (ONet) library](https://github.com/dedis/onet) and of the [Advanced Crypto (kyber) library](https://github.com/dedis/kyber).
```

I think it's OK here to point to the actual github-repos.
